---
layout: exam_info
num: e01
ready: true
desc: "Exam 1"
exam_date: 2019-10-29 11:00:00.00-7
---


## Practice Problems

 Practice Problems were posted on Piazza and covered during the review session.
 
 Have fun practicing what you've learned so far!

Remember: **programming is not a spectator's sport** -- you have to actively write code in order to get better at writing, reading, and debugging it. Practice, practice, practice, and ask questions.

 
 ## Exam logistics

Exam is on **Tuesday, 10/29** in the regular lecture classroom at the usual lecture time.
* Exam begins exactly at the start of the lecture - **Please start arriving 5 minutes before class**, so that you are ready when the exam begins. 

* You will be given a copy of the exam: you are supposed to work on the copy that you are given and should not trade it with your neighbors. Not following this guideline is considered a violation of academic integrity and can result in receiving a 0 for the exam.

* Bring your **student ID**: we will collect yours during the exam and return it back to you when you turn in your exam and your notesheet.

* You may bring **only one** 8.5" x 11" piece of paper with _handwritten_ notes on both sides (you don't have to use both sides, but you may if you want to do so). You are **not allowed two sheets** each with one side of notes.
  * Handwritten notes also mean that you should not print anything and/or tape it to your note sheet: research has shown that to best digest the material and understand what you are doing you need to hand-write the notes yourself. 
  * Please write your name in the **top right corner (portrait orientation) on both sides** of that sheet.
  * **Do not attach** anything to your notesheet: you will need to turn in your notesheet with your exam to **receive credit for it**. If something is glued/taped/stapled/attached in any way to it, it will jam up the scanner and will cause you to lose points for not following instructions.
  * Rememeber to **turn in your notesheet _before_** you leave the exam room. We will not accept it once you leave the classroom.
  * If you do not need notes or want to create a notesheet, please turn in a blank sheet with your name in the **top right corner (portrait orientation) on both sides** of that sheet.

*    No books, calculators, phones, laptops or other materials or devices are allowed during the exam. Using them during the exam are a violation of academic integrity and can result in receiving a 0 for the exam.

* If you finish the exam early, you may turn in your exam and the notesheet before the end of the exam and will need to leave the room.

*    There are no makeups for this exam.

* * *

Guidelines last updated: MOnday, Oct 28, 2019

